2003 - Guido van Rossum describes new Python features.
       Paul Graham's Keynote, 'The Hundred Year Language,' predicted the
       most important feature of a language would be ease of development,
       not execution speed; partly because of the cost of labor and partly
       thanks to the rise of parallel computing.

2004 - Guido van Rossum updates everyone on the state of Python.
       Mitch Kapor, of Lotus 123, talks about Chandler, the virtues of
       open source, and the Open Source Application Foundation.
       Bruce Eckel, known for his Java and C++ books, describes
       how to argue about typing.

2005 - Guido van Rossum gives a Python state of the union.
       Jim Hugunin talks about Python on .NET, the PSF Board introduces
       itself, and Greg Stein describes Python at Google.

2006 - Guido van Rossum updates everyone on the state of Python.
       Alan Runyan and Alexander Limi talk about Plone,
       and Bram Cohen talks about BitTorrent.

2007 - Guido van Rossum plugs Python 3, Ivan Krstic describes the Power of Dangerous Ideas: Python and One Laptop per Child.
       Adele Goldberg discusses eLearning in Public Schools, and 
       Robert M "r0ml" Lefkowitz talks about the Importance of Programming Literacy.

2008 - Guido van Rossum plugs Python 3, Van Lindberg discusses Intellectual Property and Open Source,
       Mark Hammond talks about Python at Mozilla,
       Chris Hagner talks about challenges and successes of Python at White Oak Technolgies,
       and Brian W Fitzpatrick about how hiding complexity behind simple design.

2009 - Guido van Rossum updates everyone on the state of Python.
       Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian talk about Reddit's switch to Python.

2010 - Guido van Rossum answers questions from a live Twitter #pycon Q&A.
       Antonio Rodriguez, relentlessly pursuing opportunities with Python,
       tells us why the AIs will spare us all.
       Mark Shuttleworth, founder of Ubuntu, talks about scheduled releases accelerating
       open source development in 'Cadence, Quality, and Design.'

2011 - Guido van Rossum gives a fireside chat.
       Hilary Mason describes work at bit.ly and the power of the internet to connect people,
       specifically with respect to the Arab Spring.

2012 - Guido van Rossum addresses common outsiders' questions and hesitations about Python.
       Paul Graham of YCombinator describes Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas.
       Stormy Peters of Mozilla talks about growing the web community and the Python community,
       and David Beazley tinkers with PyPy.

2013 - Guido van Rossum announces asyncio for the standard library.
       Eben Upton talks about the Raspberry Pi, and the foundation's goal of providing children
       around the world the opportunity to learn programming, and
       Raymond Hettinger describes what makes Python awesome.

2014 - Guido van Rossum answers a Q&A from Twitter.
       John Perry Barlow, founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and songwriter for
       the Grateful Dead, praises open communities and the open internet.
       Jessica Mckellar inspires us to reach out to local teachers in Python, the next generation.
       Fernando Perez describes how OSS and Python are transforming science.

2015 - Guido van Rossum talks about the Python 2 to 3 switch, and
       ideas on how to maintain continuity when a package is abandoned.
       Gabriella Coleman discusses Anonymous, hacker culture,
       and the value of Open Source. Jacob Kaplan-Moss says the talent myth keeps people
       out of tech.
       Catherine Bracy, of Code for America, describes how programmers are solving civic
       problems and rebuilding citizenship for the 21st century.

2016 - Guido van Rossum reflects on how the PEP system makes Python adapt successfully.
       Cris Ewing talks about Zope and adaptation in OSS.
       Lorena Barba ties Fernando Flores's conception of structured
       collaboration to community collaboration tools like GitHub.
       Parisa Tabriz talks about why embracing hackers can improve security.
       K Lars Lohn describes how a language's structure influences
       our problem solving.

2017 - Kelsey Hightower shows us how to voice-launch a cluster using Google Assistant and the GCP.
       Lisa Guo and Hui Ding describe successes and challenges of the Python 2 to 3 conversion at Instagram.
       Katy Huff inspires us to join existing open source science projects, and
       Jake Vanderplas describes the Jupyter and NumFocus ecosystem.

2018 - Our illustrious speakers are Catherine Devlin, Dan Callahan, Qumisha Goss, Brett Cannon, and Ying Li.
       We don't know what they'll say yet, but are sure it will be filled with
       wisdom.

